Hi guys, there, beauty, what 's up?
It's even for you that you want to know who you are.
a cool camera tip for you
invest even to record videos to
You, the blogger, I like this thing.
on the internet or also a good camera
professional for you to have photos and videos
legal with quality
The camera that I'm going to show you is that
not having 5 and that my new camera
People give Christmas but the camera that I
I always used this one that is recording
now it's not here these 50 hours that is one
Semi-professional camera has no way of
changing the lens this one is already a camera
Can you change the lens right?
now my next step is to buy one
other lens I wanted to buy this one here
This improves the 55 boys I want
buying another is more difficult to
in front of this camera you are recording
it has no microphone in the
microphone already built in then you
you want
to attach a teacher of her to record
Better to have better audio quality
You will not succeed because she will be
professional does not have this function to
You put the microphone, but this one.
you already have this option that is here then
Then you open it here.
and you can attach a microphone right?
according to the phone here and also put
here on top of that microphone
that is a good thing that I
I also want to find what I want
buy because it helps too loud
mainly for example here now
As a linked researcher,
noise should listen to one of her cool
is that you can focus on the object
and I will focus on the background and it can stay
automatically has the option here
you may not be able to focus manually
or focus automatically as you go
It's filming, right?
for you an example I beauty
now i will put my hand in front
he will focus now he is focused but
anyway she has this functionality
they do not have this focus functionality
Automatic object to a fund to
focus the object
then it has an advantage of five and one
little better in this legal aspect of it is
she had then you can move
her functions here on the screen
you can not always touch the functions
her here
the same on the screen then this is
cool, you can do that too
whether it is automatic or manual focus
You got here and here you are tightening.
here you look at it by here
or if you look here to focus on
manually
manually this agreement of schengen laughter
to be able to touch these leather things and
lighting in the manual but I left it
not automatic, now there's no card
because if the pt here has not changed to the
It 's because the captain is there.
option to record full HD movies is the
not so much quality movie so minor
normal, I guess any camera you
get this functionality
but one thing I did not know I stayed
July to you I did not know that
camera memory card has
Classification has class class 1 2 3 4
5 6 which means implies that the
card speed
in this camera is the 32 gig card nec
and a half when I won the game was called
here with my machine see a card
30 turns
but that machine that did not work she
stayed there at most 30 seconds and a half and
I'm talking mine what 's wrong with
that mark and farm radu hence the
friend told me and then the manual book
not also that it has this business of
card speed then a card goes
Exit is 32 gigs
but he will not let the movie anymore
30 seconds here because the speed
the machine very slow and very card
faster
so it will speak more than the second movie
30 seconds to shoot for alone
automatically then I that card
memory class 2 I think then to this
machine that has to be at least with the
56 you know and I did not know that for this
that today I 'm not filming a letter
Magna too but could not show
that the way is an endless thing and
You're buying a machine like that.
when you went to win a
memory already asks or if you buy
popular if that is class 2 346 because
it may be that the card is inserted and not
it worked out and it did not work
a 30 second movie card 44
automatically but okay so I just
I wanted to show you that this brand
Thank you, I really like it
I liked her a lot and eating like that
Do you want to buy a camera and Mexican?
we especially have the
better I hear too technical with more
one for son that
I think that I personally like is yourself
illegal that can take right lens
if you want to find other buy
lenses have another objective neither
It's cold there are details or some
other things you can change the
lenses that each lens has a
functionality that is this
in fact so if you want to invest
in a blog machine to say that the
illegal internet beauty use but so
nowadays you do not necessarily need
have a professional machine or
semi-professional for you to smoke can
shoot any little ones same
option is more cheap can shoot with
the cell phone
nowadays there do not think
there is already mobile support for
shoot and you're going to come out of a light
stronger or something
Anyway, I think you need strength.
of will if you want to smoke movie with
that you have
if it worked out, you did not invest
a buck everything you get clothes
a machine or raising money for
buy a machine better anyway is everything
a matter of time a matter of
willpower okay i'm very
happy right because this camera is
filming was not mine, it's my mother's
This one here is who does not though
provided by her but now goes
buying a memory card is good, right?
at least speed and class I do not know
with 60 looks to get another 20
seconds because you do not have to call 31 ta
without recording anything but that's it people waiting
I enjoyed the video hope
helped in fact just to show a
machine features
for you to know so you know
which is also does not need to have a machine
deny professional to shoot your blog
for a test you want to post on the
internet is this
If you liked the nail it subscribes to the channel and
So is my invitation to you.
Like the facebook page
facebook.com bar blog punto fiamma
waitress is fine
Kisses for you
It can be cool going to focus only I
stop focusing on what I said to see if
Come and watch the clinton family enjoy the
page do not know
is this a bee waiting people